#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
dateparser==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.56
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-ollama==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
ollama==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-ollama
openai==1.76.2
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via dateparser
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via dateparser
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via langchain
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via tzlocal
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   dateparser
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
